chore(docs): add dotenvx example (#31213)
supabase/supabase: examples/slack-clone/nextjs-slack-clone-dotenvx/README.md

# Integrating Dotenvx with a Supabase Project

This project is a full-stack Slack clone built using:

### Frontend:

- **[Next.js](https://github.com/vercel/next.js):** A React framework optimized for production.
- **[Supabase.js](https://supabase.com/docs/library/getting-started):** For user management and real-time data syncing.

### Backend:

- **[Supabase](https://supabase.com/dashboard):** A hosted Postgres database with a RESTful API, used alongside Supabase.js.
- **GitHub Authentication:** For user login.

---

## Introduction

This example demonstrates how to use [dotenvx](https://dotenvx.com/) and `config.toml` to manage multiple environments seamlessly. You'll learn how to set up local and production environments with shared, secure configurations.

---

## Core Concept

`config.toml` supports environment variables through the `env()` syntax. Using `dotenvx`, you can securely manage sensitive values like GitHub credentials for third-party authentication.

### Key Features of Dotenvx:

- Secrets are encrypted and stored securely, while private decryption keys are saved in `.env.keys` (excluded from version control).

> - Teams can share private keys to decrypt environment values securely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Teams can share public keys to encrypt environment values securely.
- Private keys should be kept secret and only accessible through CI/CD environments.
```

Let's not recommend sharing private key in case it's misused.

- Learn more: [Dotenvx secrets and encryption](https://dotenvx.com/encryption).

This example guides you through deploying and managing app environments with dotenvx.

---

## Structuring Environment Files

Follow the conventions used in this project, where environments are split into three files:

> 1. `supabase/.env.development` - For local development using `npx supabase start`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `supabase/.env.local` - For local development using `npx supabase start`.
```

By convention, the .development suffix is reserved for another layer of override, like `.env.staging.development`.

Reviewer: Sorry I was confused. It's the other way round.

Author: Hum, right that's what I had originally. But the cli doesn't look-up for `.env.local` by default. So I tough using `.env.development` might be a better alternative.

>
> Example of correct usage in secret fields:
>
> ```toml
> [auth.external.github]
> enabled = true
> client_id = "encrypted:<value>" # Won't decrypt the value since client_id isn't a secret value
> secret = "encrypted:<encrypted-value>"  # Works: 'secret' is a designated secret field
> ```

Using `env()` in `config.toml` simplifies environment-specific values:

```toml
site_url = "env(SUPABASE_AUTH_SITE_URL)"
additional_redirect_urls = [
    "env(SUPABASE_AUTH_ADDITIONAL_REDIRECT_URLS)"
]

[auth.external.github]
enabled = true
client_id = "env(SUPABASE_AUTH_EXTERNAL_GITHUB_CLIENT_ID)"
secret = "env(SUPABASE_AUTH_EXTERNAL_GITHUB_SECRET)"
```

> **Note:** Alternatively, you can directly store encrypted values in your `config.toml` file:
>
> ```toml
> [auth.external.github]
> enabled = true
> secret = "encrypted:<encrypted-value>"
> ```
>
> This approach eliminates the need for environment variables but still maintains security through encryption.

---

## Local Development

> Set local environment values in `supabase/.env.development`. Sensitive values like GitHub credentials should be encrypted.

Reviewer: Ditto
